 Plaintext Tleasure
Threat intelligence has found that the aliens operate through a command and control server hosted on their infrastructure. Pandora managed to penetrate their defenses and have access to their internal network. Because their server uses HTTP, Pandora captured the network traffic to steal the server's administrator credentials. Open the provided file using Wireshark, and locate the username and password of the admin.

 Alien Cradle
In an attempt for the aliens to find more information about the relic, they launched an attack targeting Pandora's close friends and partners that may know any secret information about it. During a recent incident believed to be operated by them, Pandora located a weird PowerShell script from the event logs, otherwise called PowerShell cradle. These scripts are usually used to download and execute the next stage of the attack. However, it seems obfuscated, and Pandora cannot understand it. Can you help her deobfuscate it?

 Extraterrestrial Persistence
There is a rumor that aliens have developed a persistence mechanism that is impossible to detect. After investigating her recently compromised Linux server, Pandora found a possible sample of this mechanism. Can you analyze it and find out how they install their persistence?

 Roten
The iMoS is responsible for collecting and analyzing targeting data across various galaxies. The data is collected through their webserver, which is accessible to authorized personnel only. However, the iMoS suspects that their webserver has been compromised, and they are unable to locate the source of the breach. They suspect that some kind of shell has been uploaded, but they are unable to find it. The iMoS have provided you with some network data to analyse, its up to you to save us.

 Packet Cyclone
Pandora's friend and partner, Wade, is the one that leads the investigation into the relic's location. Recently, he noticed some weird traffic coming from his host. That led him to believe that his host was compromised. After a quick investigation, his fear was confirmed. Pandora tries now to see if the attacker caused the suspicious traffic during the exfiltration phase. Pandora believes that the malicious actor used rclone to exfiltrate Wade's research to the cloud. Using the tool called "chainsaw" and the sigma rules provided, can you detect the usage of rclone from the event logs produced by Sysmon? To get the flag, you need to start and connect to the docker service and answer all the questions correctly.

 Artifacts of Dangerous Sightings
Pandora has been using her computer to uncover the secrets of the elusive relic. She has been relentlessly scouring through all the reports of its sightings. However, upon returning from a quick coffee break, her heart races as she notices the Windows Event Viewer tab open on the Security log. This is so strange! Immediately taking control of the situation she pulls out the network cable, takes a snapshot of her machine and shuts it down. She is determined to uncover who could be trying to sabotage her research, and the only way to do that is by diving deep down and following all traces ...

 Relic Maps
Pandora received an email with a link claiming to have information about the location of the relic and attached ancient city maps, but something seems off about it. Could it be rivals trying to send her off on a distraction? Or worse, could they be trying to hack her systems to get what she knows?Investigate the given attachment and figure out what's going on and get the flag. The link is to http://relicmaps.htb:/relicmaps.one. The document is still live (relicmaps.htb should resolve to your docker instance).

 Bashic Ransomware
The aliens are gathering their best malware developers to stop Pandora from using the relic to her advantage. They relieved their ancient ransomware techniques hidden for years in ancient tombs of their ancestors. The developed ransomware has now infected Linux servers known to be used by Pandora. The ransom is the relic. If Pandora returns the relic, then her files will be decrypted. Can you help Pandora decrypt her files and save the relic

 Interstellar C2
We noticed some interesting traffic coming from outer space. An unknown group is using a Command and Control server. After an exhaustive investigation, we discovered they had infected multiple scientists from Pandora's private research lab. Valuable research is at risk. Can you find out how the server works and retrieve what was stolen?

 Pandora's Bane
Having now the relic, Pandora is trying to create a plan to shut down the vessels. Unfortunately for her, the alien's intel is one step ahead, as they somehow know what she is up to. An incident response operation started as Pandora was sure the aliens had gained access to her teammate's host. Although many compromised hosts were found, only one sample is applicable for further analysis. If you neutralize this threat by analyzing the sample, Pandora will be able to proceed with her plan.
